[Zscaler] isTimeSensitive (#34151)
demisto/content: Packs/Zscaler/ReleaseNotes/1_3_20.md

#### Integrations

##### Zscaler Internet Access

> Updated the ***ip*** and ***url*** commands to avoid request retries during auto-enrichment when using with auto-extract=inline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the ***ip*** and ***url*** commands to avoid retrying requests during auto-enrichment when called with `auto-extract=inline`.
```
